Spring Release Blog Post (#8740)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/blog/2026/05/23/couchers-spring-release.md

* Improved site reliability by preventing unnecessary certificate renewals during deploys that could briefly take the site offline by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) with assistance from [Alexey](https://couchers.org/user/ptz) [[#8517](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/8517)]
* Fixed an issue where the site could get stuck on a loading spinner if an external service was unavailable by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) [[#8247](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/8247)]
* Fixed a push notification issue that could cause delivery failures for some browsers by rejecting invalid notification subscriptions by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) with assistance from [Tristan](https://couchers.org/user/tristanlabelle) and [Alexey](https://couchers.org/user/ptz) [[#8212](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/8212)]
* Backend speedups by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) [[#8203](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/8203)]

### Moderation

> Our volunteers [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) have been working hard on moderation tooling to ensure we can scale to more users while keeping up with moderation needs. Moderation tooling has been improved. We now moderate away 95% of scams before they even reach users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our volunteers [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) have been working hard on moderation and safety systems to ensure we can sustainably scale to a higher user count. Moderation tooling has been improved. Our moderation system is able to catch an estimated 95% of scams before they even reach users.
```

### Donations
* Added IRS-required tax acknowledgment text to donation receipt emails so donors can use them for tax-deductible charitable contributions by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) with assistance from [Tristan](https://couchers.org/user/tristanlabelle) [[#8365](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/8365)]

## CouchOps Team Updates

> TBD

Reviewer: We can leave this out if there are no updates - a lot of the Couchops stuff is covered in other areas (moderation, behind-the-scenes grassroots activities, reddit and socials discussions, etc)
